Add docs for Watch API (#281)
authzed/docs: pages/spicedb/concepts/watch.mdx

import { Callout } from 'nextra/components';
import { InlinePlayground } from '@/components/playground';

# Watching Relationship Changes

> The [Watch API] in SpiceDB provides clients with the ability to watch changes made to [Relationships] within the system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Watch API] in SpiceDB enables clients to monitor changes made to [Relationships] within the system.
```

> A watch event will be generated for sets of relationships created, touched or deleted via the [WriteRelationships] or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch events are generated when relationships are created, touched, or deleted through the [WriteRelationships], [DeleteRelationships], or the bulk import API.
```

> [DeleteRelationships] APIs, as well as any relationships changed via the bulk import API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[Watch API]: https://buf.build/authzed/api/docs/main:authzed.api.v1#authzed.api.v1.WatchService
[Relationships]: relationships
[WriteRelationships]: https://buf.build/authzed/api/docs/main:authzed.api.v1#authzed.api.v1.PermissionsService.WriteRelationships
[DeleteRelationships]: https://buf.build/authzed/api/docs/main:authzed.api.v1#authzed.api.v1.PermissionsService.DeleteRelationships

## Subscribing to Watch

To subscribe to receive watch changes, the `Watch` API call is made:

```py
watcher = client.Watch(WatchRequest{})
for resp in watcher:
  ... process the update ...
```

This will start returning all updates to relationships from the time at which the API call was made.

### Receiving historical updates

Historical updates (i.e. relationship changes in the past) can be retrieved by specifying a [ZedToken] in the `WatchRequest`:

[ZedToken]: consistency#zedtokens

```py
watcher = client.Watch(WatchRequest{
  OptionalStartCursor: myZedToken
})
```

<Callout type="info">
  Historical changes can only be requested until the configured garbage
  collection window on the underlying datastore. This is typically 24 hours, but

>   may differ based on the datastore used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  may differ based on the datastore used.
```

</Callout>

### Ensuring continuous processing

To ensure continuous processing, the calling client _should_ execute the `Watch` call in a loop, sending in the last received [ZedToken] from `ChangesThrough` if the call disconnects:

```py
while not_canceled:
  last_zed_token = None
  try:
    watcher = client.Watch(WatchRequest{
      OptionalStartCursor: last_zed_token
    })
    for resp in watcher:
      ... process the update ...
      last_zed_token = resp.ChangesThrough
  except Exception:
    ... log exception ...
    continue
```

## Transaction Metadata

> SpiceDB's [WriteRelationships] and [DeleteRelationships] APIs support an additional block of metadata called the [Transaction Metadata].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SpiceDB's [WriteRelationships] and [DeleteRelationships] APIs support an optional metadata block called the [Transaction Metadata].
```
